"Andrew Jackson was the first U.S.president to enjoy what at the White House?"
"What zodiac sign features a creature that defends itself with an aculeus?"
"U.S. air traffic controllers refer to the plane the Pope travels on by what official call sign?"
"What popular corn chip loosely translates to “little golden things” in Spanish?"
"In 2017, what did Twitter do to its 140-character limit on tweets?"
"On a compass, what does the letter N typically stand for?"
"A spork is a utensil that combines what two things?"
"What costume was worn by the original lead singer of the Village People?"
"Which statement is NOT true about photosynthesis and chemosynthesis?"
"In what medium was Superman’s Kryptonite weakness introduced?"
"Which has been the last name of a U.S. president AND a British prime minister?"
"A high-tech store with no cashiers recently opened in Seattle under what name?"
"Which of these is an actual Winter Olympics event?"
"What’s the anatomical name for the center of a hurricane?"
"Tic-tac-toe is typically played by writing what two symbols?"
"In the 1800s, a chemistry student making synthetic quinine accidentally created what color of dye?"
"Which of these is Venus visibly lacking in Botticelli's “Birth of Venus”?"
"What event inspired Aerosmith’s “Dude (Looks Like a Lady)”?"
"Which food is traditionally a main ingredient in mock turtle soup?"
"Famous director Francis Ford Coppola holds a US patent for a t-shirt that does what?"
"Which tool is typically used to clear a clogged pipe?"
"Which country is part of North America?"
"New Mexico exempts which group of people from paying state income taxes?"
"The college degree “B.A.” is short for what?"
"In 1973, Arabella and Anita became the first members of what species to go into space?"
"What did Yankee Doodle stick in his cap?"
"What word completes the phrase: “Everything but the kitchen”?"
"What was the first theatrical feature film to be completely computer-animated?"
"Traditionally, an “amuse-bouche” arrives right before what part of the meal?"
"In the game of Candy Land, which player goes first?"
"In the popular comic strip, what color is Hagar the Horrible’s beard?"
"What spice comes from the crocus flower?"
"What was the first product to have its barcode scanned at purchase?"
"Parmesan cheese is named for an Italian province called what?"
"Which of these famous fictional animals is a ruminant?"
"Which popular root beer brand typically contains caffeine?"
"Which of these words would earn you the highest score in Scrabble?"
"What is the correct spelling of the Pennsylvania town famous for its groundhog?"
"The lunar module for the Apollo 10 moon mission was nicknamed what?"
"Which public radio program is hosted by the cousin of a multiple Oscar-nominated composer?"
"After Prince Edward Island, what is Canada’s most densely populated province?"
"What is a common remedy for dehydration?"
"The band that recorded “September” is named “Earth, Wind &” what?"
"In the classic fairy tale, who is Little Red Riding Hood's enemy?"
"Pantene Pro-V and Garnier Fructis are popular types of what?"
"A bed that folds up into the wall is commonly known as what?"
"Which of these colleges does NOT have a physical location?"
"Which of these desserts is often made with ladyfingers?"
"Which of these is a real illness that affects rabbits?"
"The Doors are named after a famous essay by the author of what iconic novel?"
"Which TV news host once wrote about his first date with Monica Lewinsky?"
"The famous German phrase “Sturm und Drang” comes from what?"
"In which African country is English NOT the official language?"
"Which ’90s movie is an anagram of the original book title which the film is based on?"
"Which legendary music producer is closely related to former President Jimmy Carter?"
"Which of these websites is an online database for movies, television and video games?"
"What does bicameral mean?"
"A galleon is an old-fashioned type of what?"
"What male singing voice type is higher than a bass, but lower than a tenor?"
"Which of these is NOT a real berry?"
"George Washington Carver is famous for his scientific work on what subject?"
"Which of these is NOT believed to be a function of the uvula?"
"Which of these baseball legends was a first-ballot Hall of Famer?"
"Which of these things can be mathematically described as an oblate spheroid?"
"“Fro-yo” is short for what?"
"In Shakespeare's play “Julius Caesar,” what phrase does the titular character say to Brutus?"
"Which ‘90s movie is an anagram of the original book title which the film is based on?"
"What is the name of a Japanese art form that features trees grown in containers?"
"What college football team’s chant is also likely to be heard on a farm?"
"What legendary “Buffalo Bill’s Wild West” star had a negative-sounding nickname?"
"Where did Bernese Mountain Dogs originate?"
"Which fashion designer is grandmother to a literal princess?"
"Which film features the same kind of talking animal as the Old Testament book Numbers?"
"In which country is GeoCities still up and running?"
"Before the lyrics are sung, how many finger snaps are heard in the “Addams Family” theme song?"
"Which of these is the name of a princess in Disney's “Frozen”?"
"The Olympic logo features what combination of shapes?"
"The Italian cooking term “al dente” means what?"
"Which of these companies offers a “freemium” service?"
"What word does Nestlé use to describe their Toll House chocolate chips?"
"Which of these countries legally guarantees its citizens “freedom to roam”?"
"Bill Cunningham was a key influence in what style of photography?"
"“INTJ” is a personality type based on a hypothesis by which psychiatrist?"
"Which of these activists is the subject of a song by John Lennon and Yoko Ono?"
"The U.S. flag bearer for the 2018 Olympics is a medalist in what event?"
"Which of these people was born with the same name as a famous ketchup?"
"What form of energy do batteries provide?"
"Which “Rose” was the lead singer of Guns N' Roses?"
"In a best-selling Little Golden Book, who was “The Monster at The End of This Book”?"
"“Embarazada” is the Spanish word for what?"
"Which American car manufacturer first introduced seat belts?"
"Which of these authors has NOT written a comic book about Black Panther?"
"Last year, Microsoft angered customers by announcing it would eliminate what Windows software?"
"A 1984 Devo album has the same name as a massive 1984 single by what band?"
"Police tell arrestees they have the right to remain silent thanks to a Supreme Court ruling against what U.S. state"
"In da Vinci’s “Last Supper,” which disciple is depicted holding a weapon?"
"Which term is shorthand for a useful item when changing a flat tire?"
"Tonga's 2016 Olympic flag bearer became a global viral sensation for dressing how?"
"What Olympic legend was the subject of a song in an Oscar-nominated 1999 film?"
"Which of these items would be measured on the Scoville scale?"
"Which of these iconic African-American leaders was NOT born into slavery?"
"A cat with what fur pattern is almost always female?"
"Which nation does NOT have a two-word capital city?"
"In 2014, an excavation at a New Mexican landfill uncovered what?"
"The athlete who has competed in the most Olympic games hails from which country?"
"Which of these fonts was NOT created by Microsoft?"
"In the first known use of “mammoth” as an adjective, what item was it describing?"
"Which of these countries has a lower gross domestic product than any U.S. state?"
"Which of these Olympians is most likely to perform a lutz, axel or toe loop jump?"
"From what country did the American colonies win their independence?"
"Which of these animals is NOT native to Australia?"
"Which congressman participated in the Selma to Montgomery marches of 1965?"
"The Ark of the Covenant supposedly contains what religious artifact?"
"Which of these actors is incapable of making a fist with his left hand?"
"Which of these is NOT a term used in Olympic curling?"
"The “Cha-Cha Slide” includes a dance move named after what cartoon character?"
"Portuguese is an official language of which country?"
"Among U.S. astronauts, what distinction does Sally Ride have?"
"Which chemical compound would you NOT use to create red and blue fireworks?"
"King Louis XIV’s Palace of Versailles contained over 150 pieces of furniture made entirely of what?"
"Which of the following is NOT used to describe someone from that particular state?"
"Lonnie Johnson accidentally created the Supersoaker while trying to build what?"
"In gardening, what word refers to overall health and usability of soil?"
"Which type of musical composition is also an Olympic figure skating jump?"
"Low-income college students may qualify for a federal grant program named for a senator from what state?"
"The westernmost region of Russia touches which of these countries?"
"Which animals race at the Kentucky Derby?"
"What is the name for anger experienced while driving a car?"
"Which of these products is a depilatory?"
"Which of these songs was NOT recorded by the Beach Boys?"
"Auguste Rodin's statue The Thinker is meant to represent what real-life person?"
"Which of these is an alveolar disorder?"
"Which of these two-letter combos is an acceptable word in Scrabble?"
"Which of these Adam Sandler movies has a female director?"
"Which position was first held in the last year of the previous century?"
"Which author's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel was adapted into a Broadway musical?"
"The first edition of the CNN show Crossfire featured which host?"
"According to the Book of Leviticus, which of these animals is kosher to eat?"
"Bart's age on “The Simpsons” is NOT the same as which of these characters?"
"What beauty product entrepreneur became the first U.S. self-made female millionaire?"
"The author who created Tarzan once worked for which of these publications?"
"What is the mid-day meal usually called?"
"In what part of a newspaper would you post an item for sale?"
"The “skyhook” is a move in which of these sports?"
"What U.S. state borders only one other U.S. state?"
"The author of “The Picture of Dorian Gray” was born in what country?"
"What is the name of London's electronic public transit pass?"
"According to Marie Kondo, you should only own material items with what quality?"
"Which of these North American deserts is the smallest?"
"Which Secretary-General of the United Nations once appeared on “Da Ali G Show”?"
"One thousand years ago, which of these regions was heavily populated with Moorish people?"
"The first official African-American fraternity was founded at what university?"
"Which of these things did Skee-Lo NOT wish for in his hit '90s song?"
"Who famously painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?"
"Which U.S. coin features a portrait of Abraham Lincoln?"
"Which of these is NOT a unit of temperature?"
"The R.E.M. song “Man on the Moon” was written about what comedian?"
"What disease gets its name from the Italian term for “bad air”?"
"Students of Auguste Escoffier would have known how to do what?"
"A 1976 book by Richard Dawkins introduced what now-common word?"
"Which voice actor from “The Emperor’s New Groove” was once blacklisted in Hollywood?"
"Which of these is NOT a menu option for ordering hash browns at Waffle House?"
"What math concept is traditionally notated by a tall, S-shaped curve?"
"Which of these supposedly hip cities does NOT have an Instagram filter named after it?"
